How can I avail internet reservation facility through credit cards?
Recently internet reservation facility has started on Indian Railways. The web site http://www.irctc.co.in is operational, wherein you can get the railway reservation done through Credit Cards.For more on Reservation through credit cards click here  Internet Reservation

Why are PNR and reservation availability queries not available after certain timings at night?
The online PNR and seat availability queries are fetched from the computerized reservation applications.These online reservation applications are shut down daily around 2330 hrs to 0030 hrs IST.
Due to the dynamic changes taking place in the PNR status updation and the availability positions, these two types of queries have to be fetched from the online reservation applications, hence the non- availability of them after certain timings. The sheer size of these databases does not allow them to be copied over network lines.Please note that the web site is functional 24 hrs. a day and other queries (trains between any two stations, fare queries, etc.) are functional throughout the day.

Why do I get "Network connectivity failures", while doing PNR and seat availability queries?
Please read the above paragraph. As mentioned in it, for the PNR and seat availability queries, the result is fetched from the computerized reservation applications at the five sites, viz. New Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai and Secunderabad. If there is any network link failure, or if the network lines are very congested, then this error message is displayed. It might so happen, that you are getting seat availability and PNR information for say trains originating from New Delhi and Kolkata, but not for trains originating from Mumbai.

How can I avail the enquiries, through SMS on mobile phones?
Now all the enquiries offered on the web site www.indianrail.gov.in are available on your mobile phone through SMS facility. For more information on the mobile service providers and the key words to be used on the mobile, please click here, SMS help Please note that we are giving the backend service only for the SMS queries. For more information and help on key words and SMS facility, kindly contact the mobile service provider according to the table.

Why do sometimes the fonts, colors schemes and java scripts behave differently in some browsers?
This web site is best viewed with Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 and above. It might not give desired results with other browsers. All the pages, color schemes and scripts have been tested for IE 6.0 and above.
The latest arrival and departure timings of delayed trains, alongwith diverted routes etc. will be made available shortly on this web site only.

Where can I get the latest arrival and departure timings of trains, when they get delayed?
The latest arrival and departure timings of delayed trains, alongwith diverted routes etc. will be made available shortly on this web site only.
